README.md, before:

# BunAdmin example Strapi (service side)
[BunAdmin](https://github.com/bunred/bunadmin)
[Strapi](https://github.com/strapi/strapi)

This example includes user authentication, menu control, file upload, relational data operations, etc.

![Blog Post](https://gblobscdn.gitbook.com/assets%2F-M1ZbjnBaWO_NJOdj8_A%2F-MHlKrSo5A7uYDJDV45k%2F-MHlKxF4-lohTzN3gsiA%2Fblog-post-strapi.png)

## Online demo
[https://blog.eg.bunadmin.com/](https://strapi-demo.bunadmin.com/)

***It takes less time but has restricted permissions, and the test data will be reset from time to time***

Login with any user below (different menus)
- Username: `admin`, `reviewer`, `user`
- Password: `bunadmin`

## Local test
***It takes more time, but the data and permissions are completely controlled by yourself***

1.Start Strapi service
``` shell
cd [Test folder]
git clone https://github.com/bunred/bunadmin-example-strapi.git bunadmin-example-strapi-service
cd bunadmin-example-strapi-service
yarn
yarn develop
```

2.Preset BunAdmin
``` shell
cd [Test folder]
git clone https://github.com/bunred/bunadmin.git bunadmin-example-strapi
cd bunadmin-example-strapi

yarn install
cd packages/bunadmin
cp e.g./env-*.env env-dev.env
```

3.Use environment variables

Replace the content of `bunadmin/env-dev.env` with the following:
``` shell
# ENV_PATH=/absolute/path/to/env-demo.env yarn dev

# BunAdmin Core

NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_NAME=BunAdmin DEV
NEXT_PUBLIC_AUTH_PLUGIN=bunadmin-auth-strapi
NEXT_PUBLIC_MAIN_URL=http://localhost:1337/api/v1
NEXT_PUBLIC_AUTH_URL=http://localhost:1337
NEXT_PUBLIC_UPLOAD_URL=http://localhost:1337
#NEXT_PUBLIC_FILE_PREVIEW_URL=
NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URLS=http://192.168.2.2:51802/api/v1, http://192.168.2.2:51803/api/v1
NEXT_PUBLIC_I18N_CODE=en
NEXT_PUBLIC_ON_I18N=true
NEXT_PUBLIC_ON_SETTING=true
NEXT_PUBLIC_ON_DOC=true
NEXT_PUBLIC_ON_MOCK=false
NEXT_PUBLIC_NOTIFICATION_PLUGIN=bunadmin-plugin-notification
NEXT_PUBLIC_IGNORED_PLUGINS=bunadmin-upload-buncms, bunadmin-plugin-example-blog2
NEXT_PUBLIC_PATHS_WITHOUT_LAYOUT=/example/about, /example/*
NEXT_PUBLIC_PATHS_WITHOUT_AUTH=/docs/*
NEXT_PUBLIC_OFF_NOTIFICATION_INTERVAL_COUNT=true

# BunAdmin Plugins

# Upload Plugin
NEXT_PUBLIC_UPLOAD_STRAPI_ROLE=Admin,Reviewer

# Auth Plugin
NEXT_PUBLIC_AUTH_STRAPI_ROLE=Admin

```

4.Start BunAdmin

**Run in `packages/bunadmin/`**
```shell script
ENV_PATH=env-dev.env yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:1911/](http://localhost:1911/)

Login with any user below (different menus):
- Username: `admin`, `reviewer`, `user`
- Password: `bunadmin`

Strapi super administrator:
- Dashboard: [`http://localhost:1337/admin/`](http://localhost:1337/admin/)
- Username: `bunadmin_example_strapi`
- Password: `bunadmin`

***Due to the security mechanism of Strapi, Strapi dashboard users and front-end users adopt different APIs. Therefore, in this example, the Strapi super administrator cannot login through bunadmin.***

## Used plugins:

[bunadmin-plugin-example-blog](https://github.com/bunred/bunadmin/tree/master/plugins/bunadmin-plugin-example-blog)

[bunadmin-auth-strapi](https://github.com/bunred/bunadmin/tree/master/plugins/bunadmin-auth-strapi)

[bunadmin-upload-strapi](https://github.com/bunred/bunadmin/tree/master/plugins/bunadmin-upload-strapi)

[bunadmin-source-strapi](https://github.com/bunred/bunadmin/tree/master/packages/bunadmin-source-strapi)

Commit message:

Update README (add bunadmin path)

README.md, after:

# BunAdmin example Strapi (service side)
[BunAdmin](https://github.com/bunred/bunadmin)
[Strapi](https://github.com/strapi/strapi)

This example includes user authentication, menu control, file upload, relational data operations, etc.

![Blog Post](https://gblobscdn.gitbook.com/assets%2F-M1ZbjnBaWO_NJOdj8_A%2F-MHlKrSo5A7uYDJDV45k%2F-MHlKxF4-lohTzN3gsiA%2Fblog-post-strapi.png)

## Online demo
[https://blog.eg.bunadmin.com/](https://strapi-demo.bunadmin.com/)

***It takes less time but has restricted permissions, and the test data will be reset from time to time***

Login with any user below (different menus)
- Username: `admin`, `reviewer`, `user`
- Password: `bunadmin`

## Local test
***It takes more time, but the data and permissions are completely controlled by yourself***

1.Start Strapi service
``` shell
cd [Test folder]
git clone https://github.com/bunred/bunadmin-example-strapi.git bunadmin-example-strapi-service
cd bunadmin-example-strapi-service
yarn
yarn develop
```

2.Preset BunAdmin
``` shell
cd [Test folder]
git clone https://github.com/bunred/bunadmin.git bunadmin-example-strapi
cd bunadmin-example-strapi

yarn install
cd packages/bunadmin
cp e.g./env-*.env env-dev.env
```

3.Use environment variables

Replace the content of `env-dev.env` ***(bunadmin-example-strapi/packages/bunadmin/env-dev.env)*** with the following:
``` shell
# ENV_PATH=/absolute/path/to/env-demo.env yarn dev

# BunAdmin Core

NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_NAME=BunAdmin DEV
NEXT_PUBLIC_AUTH_PLUGIN=bunadmin-auth-strapi
NEXT_PUBLIC_MAIN_URL=http://localhost:1337/api/v1
NEXT_PUBLIC_AUTH_URL=http://localhost:1337
NEXT_PUBLIC_UPLOAD_URL=http://localhost:1337
#NEXT_PUBLIC_FILE_PREVIEW_URL=
NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URLS=http://192.168.2.2:51802/api/v1, http://192.168.2.2:51803/api/v1
NEXT_PUBLIC_I18N_CODE=en
NEXT_PUBLIC_ON_I18N=true
NEXT_PUBLIC_ON_SETTING=true
NEXT_PUBLIC_ON_DOC=true
NEXT_PUBLIC_ON_MOCK=false
NEXT_PUBLIC_NOTIFICATION_PLUGIN=bunadmin-plugin-notification
NEXT_PUBLIC_IGNORED_PLUGINS=bunadmin-upload-buncms, bunadmin-plugin-example-blog2
NEXT_PUBLIC_PATHS_WITHOUT_LAYOUT=/example/about, /example/*
NEXT_PUBLIC_PATHS_WITHOUT_AUTH=/docs/*
NEXT_PUBLIC_OFF_NOTIFICATION_INTERVAL_COUNT=true

# BunAdmin Plugins

# Upload Plugin
NEXT_PUBLIC_UPLOAD_STRAPI_ROLE=Admin,Reviewer

# Auth Plugin
NEXT_PUBLIC_AUTH_STRAPI_ROLE=Admin

```

4.Start BunAdmin

Run in `bunadmin` path ***(bunadmin-example-strapi/packages/bunadmin/)***
```shell script
ENV_PATH=env-dev.env yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:1911/](http://localhost:1911/)

Login with any user below (different menus):
- Username: `admin`, `reviewer`, `user`
- Password: `bunadmin`

Strapi super administrator:
- Dashboard: [`http://localhost:1337/admin/`](http://localhost:1337/admin/)
- Username: `bunadmin_example_strapi`
- Password: `bunadmin`

***Due to the security mechanism of Strapi, Strapi dashboard users and front-end users adopt different APIs. Therefore, in this example, the Strapi super administrator cannot login through bunadmin.***

## Used plugins:

[bunadmin-plugin-example-blog](https://github.com/bunred/bunadmin/tree/master/plugins/bunadmin-plugin-example-blog)

[bunadmin-auth-strapi](https://github.com/bunred/bunadmin/tree/master/plugins/bunadmin-auth-strapi)

[bunadmin-upload-strapi](https://github.com/bunred/bunadmin/tree/master/plugins/bunadmin-upload-strapi)

[bunadmin-source-strapi](https://github.com/bunred/bunadmin/tree/master/packages/bunadmin-source-strapi)
